Our project taps into the prevalent problem of neck strain among office workers. Through creative means of incentivizing people to do the exercises, in the form credits, The credits can then be used to donate to NGO, get discounts from popular vendors like amazon or healthcare professionals. Sources of the credits vary, for instance, insurance companies who want their clients to be healthy and safe. Since the old-fashioned way of providing informative knowledge does not turn into proactive illness prevention actions, we propose this sustainable model to solve this issue via gamification with other accompanying social benefits.

Professionally speaking, this exercise “chin tuck in and rotate head” proves to be one of the simplest neck exercises in preventing and curing office-work-related neck-shoulder-strain. In this sense, it serves not just as a preventive but also curing method as far as neck strain goes.

Also by having the user record his pain scores (VAS) over time, the individual may see the results vividly. The VAS data that is generated can then be used as a reference for healthcare professionals/physio therapists to discern which exercise might be more effective over others. Too often, the lack of experimental data and the difficulty to conduct control experiments prove to be challenging for physio therapy researchers. 

This also serves a way to incentivize users to do the exercise in an indirect way. We have this functionality for users to share their pain score graph with others. With the stories of people who successfully recover from neck strain by simply doing the exercise, the less persistent users will be encouraged to keep doing the exercise. When the exercises prove to be less effective for some users, for example if the pain score does not show any good signs over a given period of time, we also try to prompt immediate action of going to the physiotherapist. With the existing sustainable credit system we establish, patients will be more encouraged to consider going to the clinic given the discount offered. 

